hey everybody its Melissa and I'm so
excited because I have another tapes
video for you girlfriends yes it's like
the 8th 9th 10th 101 I don't know I will
link them all in the downbar
but along with everything that I'm
wearing because I know this big q9e
girls also I had like 10 or 11 Mac dukes
but you can go see 10 or 11 more jeeps
but there's a team my friend Stephanie
from little lady Lowery's video and
channel um I will link it in the down
bar so make sure you go and check her
video video out and I think it's her
first like Mac dupes videos so uh I will
link her video in the downbar she's a
sweet sweet sweet girl and I yeah let's
go ahead and get started okay so I
already haven't watched for you just to
save time okay the first one I wanted to
get out of the way because I don't own
it I know it's because I have two dupes
for it but while I was in Mac I took a
napkin and swatch sneaky one that's what
it looks like okay so this one right
here in the center is it dude for Mickey
one and it is Nyx's lip lip what is this
lipstick just the round lip stick and
power number six to nine that's this one
right here so if you're wanting Nicki
one Nick's round lipstick and power six
to nine also this one by NYX is a jeep
for lavender whip which was limited
edition and this one right here is
lavender with okay next I have Mac st.
Germain which is this one right here
the Duke for that is actually a NYX
butter gloss and this one's in meringue
so it's going to be shinier
but you see how the colors are just dead
on
next I have viva glam Nikki which is
right here and the dupe for that is the
wet and wild matte lipstick in
Tinkerbell so you can see they're
identical so if you want Nikki Tinker
Bell by wet and wild
next is the Viva Glam Nikki lip gloss or
lip glass that's it right there
a dupe for that is the NYX butter gloss
in peaches and cream peaches and cream
so I have miss little in to thank for
that one okay next is candy yum-yum oh
yeah girl candy yum-yum is right here
right you saw it right there's a dog
hair on it now there it is right there a
dupe for that is the VIP Megan Lee vivid
in fuchsia flash right there so that's
candy yum-yum
and that's fuchsia flash by Maybelline
fitted if you missed out on Mac's silly
lipstick or lip glass when it was out
which is this one right here a deep for
that for lipstick form so if you missed
out on the gloss or lipstick it is Nyx's
round lipstick in hot pink hot pink
next is max show orchid which is right
here a dupe for that is the night on
scent wet and wild lipstick in five two
one
a
next is max girl about town that is this
one right hill girl about town and a
deep for that is cover girls from the
Queen collection Queen Latifah in powder
puff pink powder puff pink next is max
angel which is right there
a Duke for that is another one from
covergirl Queen it's right there you can
get it at any drugstore Walmart right
there next to the regular covergirl so
covergirl Queen and Penelope pink
Penelope pink so as you can see they're
like dead-on okay
and next or last I have max up the amp
and I have three to show you okay this
one right here is up the amp right here
okay now a lot of people say that
covergirl divine which is right here is
a dupe for it but as you can see it's a
little bit lighter so a true true match
is redline's lipstick and berry hot
which is right there so very hot and up
the amp or closer than divine okay guys
I hope y'all enjoyed this rule on the
video if you need to listen to it again
um I hope y'all enjoyed this I hope
y'all girls check out Stephanie's video
and her dupes and let me Stephanie
everything
where we'll be in the downbar I hope you
guys enjoyed this look for all my other
Duke videos in the downbar and yeah
follow me on Twitter
keep an Instagram and I will talk to you
guys later